harness/README.md, before:

# Generic Agent Harness

This directory now contains a reusable, cloud-ready optimization loop with two separable layers:

- Agent backend: how code changes are proposed (`harness/agents/*`)
- Task adapter: how candidates are evaluated (`harness/tasks/*`)

The core loop (`harness/core/loop.py`) is problem-agnostic.

## Architecture

- `harness/core/loop.py`: generic iteration engine, budget management, anti-local-minima policy, state persistence
- `harness/tasks/prop_amm/adapter.py`: Prop AMM-specific evaluator
- `harness/tasks/prop_amm/task.toml`: Prop AMM scoring config (folds, thresholds, parse regex)
- `harness/agents/openai_file_editor.py`: default cloud-friendly agent backend
- `harness/configs/prop_amm.local.example.toml`: local config template
- `harness/configs/prop_amm.cloud.example.toml`: cloud config template
- `harness/ADAPTER_INTERFACE.md`: contract for creating new task adapters

## Quick Start (local)

```bash
cp harness/configs/prop_amm.local.example.toml harness/configs/prop_amm.local.toml
python3 harness/core/loop.py --config harness/configs/prop_amm.local.toml --dry-run
python3 harness/core/loop.py --config harness/configs/prop_amm.local.toml
```

## Quick Start (cloud)

Use either:

- GitHub Actions workflow: `.github/workflows/harness-cloud.yml`
- Docker image: `harness/cloud/Dockerfile`

See `harness/CLOUD.md`.

## Why this is reusable

To support a new problem, keep the same loop and either:

1. Replace only `task.command_template` with a new adapter.
2. Optionally replace `agent.command_template` with a different agent runtime.

No loop code changes are required if the adapter follows `harness/ADAPTER_INTERFACE.md`.

## New Problem Bootstrap

1. Create `harness/tasks/<problem>/adapter.py` that implements `context` + `evaluate`.
2. Create `harness/tasks/<problem>/task.toml` with your gates/commands.
3. Copy `harness/configs/prop_amm.local.example.toml` and replace only `[task]` + file paths.
4. Reuse the same `harness/core/loop.py` and cloud workflow.

## Legacy script

`harness/agent_harness.py` remains as the original Prop AMM-specific harness. Prefer `harness/core/loop.py` for new work.

Commit message:

Fix budget accounting for failed agent iterations

harness/README.md, after:

# Generic Agent Harness

This directory now contains a reusable, cloud-ready optimization loop with two separable layers:

- Agent backend: how code changes are proposed (`harness/agents/*`)
- Task adapter: how candidates are evaluated (`harness/tasks/*`)

The core loop (`harness/core/loop.py`) is problem-agnostic.

## Architecture

- `harness/core/loop.py`: generic iteration engine, budget management, anti-local-minima policy, state persistence
- `harness/tasks/prop_amm/adapter.py`: Prop AMM-specific evaluator
- `harness/tasks/prop_amm/task.toml`: Prop AMM scoring config (folds, thresholds, parse regex)
- `harness/agents/openai_file_editor.py`: default cloud-friendly agent backend
- `harness/configs/prop_amm.local.example.toml`: local config template
- `harness/configs/prop_amm.cloud.example.toml`: cloud config template
- `harness/ADAPTER_INTERFACE.md`: contract for creating new task adapters

## Quick Start (local)

```bash
cp harness/configs/prop_amm.local.example.toml harness/configs/prop_amm.local.toml
python3 harness/core/loop.py --config harness/configs/prop_amm.local.toml --dry-run
python3 harness/core/loop.py --config harness/configs/prop_amm.local.toml
```

## Quick Start (cloud)

Use either:

- GitHub Actions workflow: `.github/workflows/harness-cloud.yml`
- Docker image: `harness/cloud/Dockerfile`

See `harness/CLOUD.md`.

## Budget Accounting Notes

- If agent output contains `COST_USD=...` or token usage fields, the harness uses parsed cost.
- If cost cannot be parsed and the agent exits successfully, `fallback_per_iteration_usd` is charged.
- If the agent process fails early (non-zero exit), `fallback_on_failure_usd` is charged (default `0.0`).
- Legacy state files are migrated to this policy automatically on next run.

## Why this is reusable

To support a new problem, keep the same loop and either:

1. Replace only `task.command_template` with a new adapter.
2. Optionally replace `agent.command_template` with a different agent runtime.

No loop code changes are required if the adapter follows `harness/ADAPTER_INTERFACE.md`.

## New Problem Bootstrap

1. Create `harness/tasks/<problem>/adapter.py` that implements `context` + `evaluate`.
2. Create `harness/tasks/<problem>/task.toml` with your gates/commands.
3. Copy `harness/configs/prop_amm.local.example.toml` and replace only `[task]` + file paths.
4. Reuse the same `harness/core/loop.py` and cloud workflow.

## Legacy script

`harness/agent_harness.py` remains as the original Prop AMM-specific harness. Prefer `harness/core/loop.py` for new work.
